[AI-4769] DDS: Delinea Privilege Manager Integration V1.0.0 (#19223)
DataDog/integrations-core: delinea_privilege_manager/README.md

- **Application Justification Events** : Application Justification Events are generated when an application requiring a justification workflow is run by a user.
- **Bad Rated Application Action Events** : Bad Rated Application Action Events are generated when an application with a poor security rating is being installed or is executed.
- **Password Disclosure Events** : Password Disclosure Events contain any type of password disclosure activity.
- **Newly Discovered File Events** : Newly Discovered File Events contain information about newly discovered files on the system.
- **Change History Events** : Change History Events contain information about any changes made in Delinea Privilege Manager.

View detailed insights into these logs using the out-of-the-box dashboards. The integration also includes ready-to-use Cloud SIEM detection rules for enhanced monitoring and security.

## Setup

### Installation

To install the Delinea Privilege Manager integration, run the following Agent installation command followed by the steps below. For more information, see the [Integration Management][4] documentation.

> **Note**: This step is not required for Agent version >= 7.60.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This step is not required for Agent version >= 7.63.0.
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion

# Agent Integration: Delinea Privilege Manager

## Overview

[Delinea Privilege Manager][3] is an endpoint least privilege and application control solution for Windows and macOS, capable of supporting enterprises and fast-growing organizations at scale. Local Security and Application Control are the two major components of Delinea Privilege Manager.

This integration supports the following types of logs:
- **Application Action Events** : Application Action Events contain generic information about the application that ran, the policy that was triggered, the date and time stamp, the computer, and the user.
- **Application Justification Events** : Application Justification Events are generated when an application requiring a justification workflow is run by a user.

> - **Bad Rated Application Action Events** : Bad Rated Application Action Events are generated when an application is being installed or executed, that is identified with a bad security rating.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

- **Password Disclosure Events** : Password Disclosure Events contain any type of password disclosure activity.
- **Newly Discovered File Events** : Newly Discovered File Events contain information about newly discovered files on the system.
- **Change History Events** : Change History Events contain information about any changes made in Delinea Privilege Manager.

> Visualize detailed insights into these logs through the out-of-the-box dashboards. Additionally, it includes ready-to-use Cloud SIEM detection rules for enhanced monitoring and security.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

## Setup

### Installation

> To install the Delinea Privilege Manager integration, run the following Agent installation command and the steps below. For more information, see the [Integration Management][4] documentation.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

> **Note**: This step is not necessary for Agent version >= 7.60.0.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

Linux command
  ```shell
  sudo -u dd-agent -- datadog-agent integration install datadog-delinea-privilege-manager==1.0.0
  ```

### Configuration

#### Log collection

> 1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable it in the`datadog.yaml`:

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

    ```yaml
      logs_enabled: true
    ```

> 2. Add this configuration block to your `delinea_privilege_manager.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your logs.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

    See the sample [delinea_privilege_manager.d/conf.yaml][6] for available configuration options. The appropriate protocol (either TCP or UDP) should be chosen based on the Delinea Privilege Manager syslog forwarding configuration.

>     - **TCP**: If TCP protocol is used for syslog forwarding, set the type to `tcp`.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

>     - **UDP**: If UDP protocol is used for syslog forwarding, modify the type to `udp`.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

    ```yaml
      logs:
      - type: <tcp/udp>
        port: <PORT>
        source: delinea-privilege-manager
        service: delinea-privilege-manager
    ```

>     **Note**: 

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

>       - `PORT`: Port should be similar to the port provided in **Configure syslog message forwarding from Delinea Privilege Manager** section.

Author: yes, have updated as per suggestion.

>       - It is recommended not to change the service and source values, as these parameters are integral to the pipeline's operation.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

3. [Restart the Agent][2].

#### Configure syslog message forwarding from Delinea Privilege Manager

  - Creating Syslog server configuration
    1. Navigate to **Admin** > **Configuration** and select the **Foreign Systems** tab.
    2. Click on **Syslog** to open the syslog configurations page, then click on the **Create** button.
    3. Provide a configuration name and the syslog server address (either TCP or UDP)
        - For TCP, configuration would look like this: tcp://[host]:port

>         - For UDP, configuration would look like this: udp://[host]:port

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

        
        **host**: IP address where your datadog-agent is running.
        
        **port**: Port number to send syslog messages.

>     4. Click on the **Create** button. Confirm the details added and get back to the Admin Menu.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

  - Setting Up Syslog Server Tasks:

>     1. After adding a new Syslog connection, to send logs to your Syslog Server, go to **Admin** > **Tasks**.

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

>     2. Expand the **Server Tasks** folder, then **Foreign Systems**, select **SysLog** and click **Create**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    2. Expand the **Server Tasks** > **Foreign Systems** folders, select **SysLog**, then click **Create**.
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

    3. From the **Template** drop-down, select the **Send Application Action Events to Syslog** template.

>     4. Add a **Name** for this task (set to **Application Action Events**) and **Event Name** (set to **Application Action Events**), and specify the **Event Severity**(0-Lowest, 10-Highest) or keep it as is.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    4. Add a **Name** for this task (set to **Application Action Events**) and **Event Name** (set to **Application Action Events**), and specify the **Event Severity** (0-Lowest, 10-Highest), or keep it as is.
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

>     5. From the **SysLog System** drop-down select your SysLog server foreign system (configured above).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    5. From the **SysLog System** drop-down, select your SysLog server foreign system (configured above).
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

>     6. Provide value for **Security Ratings Provider** if required or keep it as is.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    6. Provide a value for **Security Ratings Provider** if required, or leave it as is.
```

    7. Click **Create**.

        **Note**: Do not alter the **Data source**, and ensure the **Replace spaces** toggle is disabled, as any changes to these parameters will directly impact the functionality of the Delinea Privilege Manager integration.

>     8. Once created, scroll down to the Schedule section, click on the **New Schedule** button. Provide below details:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    8. Once created, scroll down to the Schedule section and click on the **New Schedule** button. Provide the following details:
```

        1. Schedule Details: 
            -  Provide **Schedule Name**.
        2. Schedule:

>             1. For **Schedule Type** select **Shared Schedule** from the drop down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            1. For **Schedule Type**, select **Shared Schedule** from the drop down.
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

>             2. For **Shared Schedule** select **Quarter-Hour** from the drop down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            2. For **Shared Schedule**, select **Quarter-Hour** from the drop down.
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

>     9. Click on the **Save Changes** button available on the top right corner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    9. Click on the **Save Changes** button available on the upper-right corner of the page.
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

This process configures the Syslog forwarding task for **Application Action Events**. For other types of events mentioned in the table below, create new tasks for each event with respective template and event name, and follow all the above steps.

>   **Note**: In step 4, ensure to set the **Name** for the task and the **Event Name** according to the selected Template, as specified in the table below. The **Event Name** is essential to the functionality of the Delinea Privilege Manager Pipeline and must be provided exactly as specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Note**: In step 4, make sure to set the **Name** for the task and the **Event Name** according to the selected template, as specified in the table below. The **Event Name** is essential to the functionality of the Delinea Privilege Manager Pipeline and must be provided exactly as specified.
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

| Template     | Event Name    | Name |
| ---------  | -------------- |--------------
| Send Application Action Events to Syslog | Application Action Events | Application Action Events |
| Send Application Justification Events to Syslog | Application Justification Events | Application Justification Events |
| Send Change History Events to Syslog | Not Applicable | Change History Events |
| Send Newly Discovered File Events to Syslog | Newly Discovered File Events | Newly Discovered File Events |
| Send Password Disclosure Events to Syslog | Password Disclosure Events | Password Disclosure Events |
| Send Bad Rated Application Action Events to Syslog | Bad Rated Application Action Events | Bad Rated Application Action Events |

### Validation

> [Run the Agent's status subcommand][5] and look for `Delinea Privilege Manager` under the Checks section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Run the Agent's status command][5] and look for `Delinea Privilege Manager` under the Checks section.
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

## Data Collected

### Log 

| Format     | Event Types    |
| ---------  | -------------- |
| CEF | Application Action Events, Bad Rated Application Action Events, Application Justification Events, Password Disclosure Events, Newly Discovered File Events, Change History Events |

### Metrics

The Delinea Privilege Manager integration does not include any metrics.

### Events

The Delinea Privilege Manager integration does not include any events.

### Service Checks

The Delinea Privilege Manager integration does not include any service checks.

## Troubleshooting

**Permission denied while port binding:**

If you see a **Permission denied** error while port binding in the Agent logs:

1. Binding to a port number under 1024 requires elevated permissions. Grant access to the port using the `setcap` command:
    ```shell
    sudo setcap CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE=+ep /opt/datadog-agent/bin/agent/agent
    ```

2. Verify the setup is correct by running the `getcap` command:

    ```shell
    sudo getcap /opt/datadog-agent/bin/agent/agent
    ```

    With the expected output:

    ```shell
    /opt/datadog-agent/bin/agent/agent = cap_net_bind_service+ep
    ```

>     **Note**: Re-run this `setcap` command every time you upgrade the Agent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Note**: You must run the `setcap` command every time you upgrade the Agent.
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.

3. [Restart the Agent][2].

**Data is not being collected:**

Ensure traffic is bypassed from the configured port if the firewall is enabled.

**Port already in use:**

If you see the **Port <PORT_NUMBER> Already in Use** error, see the following instructions. The following example is for port 514:

> - On systems using Syslog, if the Agent listens for events on port 514, the following error can appear in the Agent logs: `Can't start UDP forwarder on port 514: listen udp :514: bind: address already in use`. This error occurs because by default, Syslog listens on port 514. To resolve this error, take **one** of the following steps: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- On systems using Syslog, if the Agent listens for events on port 514, the following error can appear in the Agent logs: `Can't start UDP forwarder on port 514: listen udp :514: bind: address already in use`. This error occurs because, by default, Syslog listens on port 514. To resolve this error, take **one** of the following steps: 
```

Author: Have updated as per suggestion.
